Ruonan, are you really my granddaughter?
Zhang Yang's cultivation method will be inherited with my bloodline
You are born with a good martial arts practice
Zhang Lang, you really misunderstood
Ruonan remembers that paternity test dance
You are not a high-priced descendant
Oh, Luxiang, don't joke with me.
My mom really didn't save me
I have found out the secret of the dragon pattern jade pendant
It can also sense the tendons of the sea floor
Once this jade pendant encounters water
It's a pity to show up
He is using sales Aaron
Do you look down on me?
A mere lad who has not yet been repaired
I don't even need 8,000 kilometers.
This is not looking down on you.
But look down on us
Lou Qiu has a big face
A Young Marshal with so many shots
I don't want anything but a position
I wanted him dead.
Never let him live